Challenge 1 - Real Impact Hack
At Palantir, we solve the world's hardest problems at the world's most important institutions. We are presenting the prize for the best Real Impact Hack, this is the hack that uses real data to solve a real problem. Think about how many people your hack could help, how many lives could be improved, think about how your hack will make the world a better place
Real impact doesn't need to come from using a prescribed set of tools, so of course we're happy for you to use any technologies, but we recommend using Foundry because it will help you find and deliver impact faster, after all that's why we built it
Foundry can bring together data from disparate sources and integrate them into a common data layer. The NHS used it to build 30 applications to run the vaccination programme - equivalent to a large supermarket chain - in just 4 weeks. We have preloaded GUH Hack's Foundry with some exciting open-source datasets, and we will have around the clock support for any Foundry questions you have - come and see us!

THE CHALLENGE
Create an application that can help to display contextual
Sporting information based on an input or series of inputs. For example, use an API, Video Feed (or any input of your choosing) to present Sporting data meaningfully.

Challenge 3 - Best Domain Name from Domain.com
Register a tech domain name using Domain.com during the weekend.
Each team may submit one entry per person on the team. Each winning team member will receive a Domain.com Branded Backpack.

Challenge 4 - Best Hack for Social Good
Now is your chance to put your creativity to the test and build the most socially conscious hack for the greater good. Use technology to tackle problems like world hunger, poverty or pollution and earn a chance to win some awesome prizes, courtesy of BlackRock.

Challenge 5 - Best Web Monetization
Coil is all about providing better ways to access and reward the creators, publishers and platforms that you love. Coil members get to view web monetized sites while streaming micropayments directly to the website owner, or in this case, you! In turn, you can react to payments in real time by displaying a thank-you message, unlocking bonus content, features and so much more! Build a web monetized hack using Coil for a chance to win an Anker Quick Charge Portable Charger, Coil pin and $60 Coil credit redemption card!

Challenge 7 - Best Use of Velo by Wix
We know how difficult it can be to create a phenomenal website in a short period of time, especially when it comes to hackathons. Velo by Wix cuts down your development time without sacrificing on functionality! With a built-in database and fully customizable JavaScript frontend and backend, you can develop a full-stack application directly in your browser. With Velo, all the tools you need are conveniently located in one platform! Build your hackathon project with Velo by Wix for a chance to win Wacom Drawing Tablets for you and each of your teammates.
